freshman right tonight
so
her and said guys like you is that what
you're talking about their the offense
not I think one wonders yeah i think we
can't have my take that you know and if
i'm having a Porsche tonight like I did
tonight and I can't let it affect me
because I can do other things a game go
past won't remember also i can't like
get to my head and it was frustrating
the way i shot the ball but you know
it's sort of one aspect of the game
gotta be mature these are private to is
this if you feel like you're a good team
we make sure the live stuff
what's your impression easy i think
they're a good team they put about
tonight obviously great coaching coach
Jones they had good person else
did you sense right away this could be a
tough identity no visa atmosphere yeah
you know we definitely didn't
underestimate it we knew they're going
to
be hyped by
their home cities are you know
you know sorry shots are you know being
from grabs he wanted to come home on the
play but just because the games are
Amanda I wasn't gonna force anything
what do read the line obviously got to
correct that the shots are forgiving
type of game other ways to assess
rebalance defense so it's just tuning
just one answer to the game them as a
senior I can't let that distract he said
Brandon said the team is consultant
right now you said you guys are mine
selfishly I was that actually
materialized on the course that just
guys not willing to make a pass or I
don't I don't know how to explain it's
just we're not executing awful for not
getting the best available shop for
not understanding our personnel
a good shot Kenny boy his better side
he's got to get the ball she's not
making good decision what's it a case of
camel I'm tarp someone now already asked
that was the case of just being so
jacked to be at home that you kind of
just got on your rhythm early oh you
know I obviously wanted to play well
being from here but you know you know
the shot wasn't falling you know it's
nightmare but you know I can't let that
get in my head gotta continue to do
other parts of the game and you know
what I'm having a bad shooting night he
got to find who's hot you know Bernie
the Baltimore inside tonight so I think
we needed to correct a lot of things